--- points to include ---
--> Talked with many managers about their work and the scalability issues they are trying 
    to focus on.
--> Talked with senior engineers about their work.
--> attended many sessions 
--> Future Build Fridays - sustainability, superpowers, Diversity equity and inclusion,
    get comfortable being uncomfortable, 
--> Amazon SDE student webinars - SDE 101 webinars and AWS early Talent career.
--> I always like to write down all the requirements , it makes me analyse the things
    very easy.

talked with managers from Amazon Fullfillment technologies, Route 53, Amazon Buyer safety
Experience team (Safety experience for buyers), Imaging technology, The Amazon Imaging 
Quality team processes images and organizes information for billions of products, 
ensuring that each product image empowers customers to make informed purchasing decisions,
Amazon EC2 deploying a lot of mechanisms in different AZ.

----- complete in 2-4 minutes -----
not more than 4 sentences.

Introductory questions.

1) are you better than 50 % ?

assessed based on the leadership principles.

tell me about yourself ?
--> should be said in 1 minute.
--> rather than summarizing your resume , something other than resume give some depth 
    about you.
I entered into software developement because I am fascinated by how there is always a 
solution for every challenge we face. As I am very much interested in learning new 
technologies, 
there is always something interesting and fun to learn in every new project.
Because doing things which scares you and challenges you is the best way to learn. 
Although, I have a natural inclination 
for cloud technologies, after clearing 2 of the top associate AWS certifications, 
which really accelerated my understanding towards cloud computing.
I am equally strong both analytically and creatively, and I think combination of those 
has enabled me to deliver very strong results.
I am the kind of person who values to have clarity and structure and amazon puts that 
at the heart at where they operate, seems like home to me.


Why amazon ?
amazon has so many different businesses- pharmateucal , e-commerce, retail, AWS, cab, etc..
how we feel about it and articulate your answer for it ?

amazon businesses are hugely diverse across different sectors, that each business like a 
own business onto itself.
the concept of the leadership principles. Its like the absolute DNA for all the amazonians
to communicate with each other and know what exactly they mean. It is like a glue that 
sticks everything together and everybody is speaking the same language.

peculiar Ways of work:
amazon has a very peculiar ways of work. it is definetely not a me too type. its the
writing culture, documentation on meetings and 
It has this flat structure, it has 12 levels of hierarchy there are so many people in 
lower levels, the count of senior leaders is very small reducing beuracracy and 
allowing agile based decision making, which makes more like start up company, having
a do-or-die attitude.

The idea of bar constantly rising.
everybody joins the org should raise the bar, which always improves the current 
organisation year after year. Also the people who are in current, they should be constantly
growing , developing themselves.
There is always a path for improvement.

Every business in amazon has 3 stages:
1) starting a project from building from the scratch.
2) Basic structures is in place, now we need to scale.
3) optimisation -- really mature and optimise to end degree.

find what type of team you are interviewing with and what stage that team is in ?
and how you are fit for it.

Homework about the team ? history ? key challenges ? why you end up there ?

when I talked to some of the managers, wvwn though its a very small time, they explained
me about the opportunities and the improvements that I need to work on, and the scalability
issues they face in day to day really motivated me.
giving advise for young starter like me.
It would be really exciting to have an opportunity to work with such type of caliber of 
talent here at Amazon.
 

----- Leadship Principles -----

1) Are you raising the bar at leadership principles ?
2) Are you gonna survive long term in Amazon ?

--------------------------------

1) how Lp's relate the way you think and work.
2) how Lp's will be helpful to your success at amazon ?
3) what in my experience, am I suitable for operating this type of environment ?
4) what are the challenges that team is facing and you have the skills to or experience to 
   help them succeed.

---- Getting the right range of examples ----

SHOULD BE DATA DRIVEN, always mention data points.

Customer Obsession --
when he changed the app, and no access credentials, and had to do some course I did.
when he wants me to complete the project but its not upto the goals, even after stating to
customer he is like I will fix this in a month but if you can process now, we can work on 
it.

Earns Trust -- providing support 


Dive Deep --


Deliver Results -- turning data into Action.

OwnerShip -- who spots an opportunity and run with it.
I was their QA but this time of the year the Audit project starts and we are getting
behind. 
The web application that I am about to test, people cannot log out, they are still 
shown log in, I approached this issue with the sys admin, and we solved this issue.
the issue is that the .... and learned ...... and I also documented the issues, 
and made sure everyone understand what I was doing.

Bias for Action --
take an action which is irreversible, 

Invent and Simplify --
we dont actually test Desktop applications, but in my free time I started working
on the desktop applications and made a test cases report out of it, then I presented
this one to my colleagues, and based on their suggestion I have improved many
test cases and we even started testing Desktop applications with top quality. 
6-7 different desktop application tickets came in and that increased our scope of 
work.
and yes I did work more than 20 hrs, not getting paid.

Are right, A Lot --
when having an issue with the other peer regarding adding new test cases, but we need to
present for the conference of audit reviews in a week, so this is only going to increase
the stylish looks but not the performance, so we discuissed and postponed this addition
and we comprimised on doing it after the presentation.

Learn and Be Curious --
I worked as a software developer and here as a quality assurance, I am very excited to
learn this technology in software development although I have to take care of my 
academics and at the same time I have to complete 
all the tasks and other issues, I have managed all these things very effectively.
Its always my interest in learning new things and getting amazed by how it works.

Hire and Develop the Best --

Insight on Highest Standards --
testing both in web application and Desktop applications that will boost the quality.

Think Big --
there was a project to help students have best first day experience at university.

Frugality --


Have Backbone, disagree and commit --


tell me about a time about when ?
Each interviewer will have 2-3 LP's focused.
2 stories on each LP.

where to focus ? 
customer-obsession , Dive-deep and Deliver results are most important. 
try to review them in your job description.
 
fill the sheet and reflect on your career history and fill the examples.
always have 2 leadership principles for each question or session.

single story covers multiple LP's ?
Identify and plug gaps.
