
Highlight my recent career history that I am very proud of.
My greatest achievements.

14. Deliver results

1. DELIVER RESULTS

meaning: succeed in what you were doing – you’ve shown yourself to be a leader.

S - There was this time when I was working a QA analyst intern, where I was having a 
kick-off meeting with the client where client gives an overall view on what features to
test. where the features may include forms, desktop applications, users interaction.
T - As this web applications will be deployed into production in another 3 days, 
So immediately I started working on this issue.
A - When I completed about 75% of the work, I faced an issue where I wasn't able to see 
the feature the client explained it. later did I realise those features are available
for the students who passed a particular course.
R - I have completed that online course which is of mechanical department coursework, 
Learning - 
Imrpovement -  


we need to complete a project in a month.



utlising the new features released. 

Covid testing -- making sure we are reaching the critical ones work and release it to 
production. CI/CD and automation for the Audit stuff, introduction of Bamboo was good.



we need to ask client why the features have been removed.

Please make sure your answer addresses the following:
☑ STAR method. There was a time when I ..........; As the ....... I felt .......; 
What I did was .................; So at the end, .................;
☑ The "Situation" part shows a problem that suitable at my level.
☑ The "Task" part of my answer shows that I took initiative to solve problems, 
no one asked me to do so, and I do that because I love the customer.
☑ The "Action" part of my answer is specific. Don't lie because interviewer will ask 
details.
☑ The "Result" part of my answer exceeds the initial expectations.

If your example doesn't complete this checklist, don't use it.

For example:
(SDE II) There was a time my software had a bug. My boss told me to fix it. 
What I did was to debug it live in prod with console log. 
So at the end I found the bug and fixed it, my boss was happy.

This is a shit example.

The scope not suitable for SDE II. As SDE II you must be working on things like curing HIV, 
not fixing bug.
You didn't fix it until your boss told you to.
You didn't mention that you love your customer. Start from the customer and work backward. 
It's the love to the customer that made you jump in and solve problems that is not yours.
The bug was fixed as expected. Not enough. You need to exceed the expectations.
4. Practice to speak clamly. In lower tone.

If your interviewer is an introvert, they will speak calmly in lower tone too. This is a 
good. You won't have any problem.

If your interviewer is an extrovert, they will be pretty vocal. Stay calm, don't try to 
be the same.

This helps you to stay calmn. Your answers have more weight and interviewer will trust you. 
All politican practice this.

GOOD LUCK. Thank you leetcode community and all the contributors.


---- Gamma Application ----
is a web based it is designed for safety info and admin.
radiation safety business.