
Explaining customers how training for the employees will be effective for them ?

Talked with the client about the data not getting transfered using the redcap forms.
it was a whole 2 hour session. a lot of forms do not have required fields and managing 
the data.
--> customer obesession , going above and beyond, ownership


Accenture Data warehouse - Automating tasks.

AWS certifications

Amazon Lex bot video.

Sage maker AWS.`

Helping in onboarding students and KT --> Ownership, takin risk.

worked with system administrator to help him with the task. Log off doesn't end session 
and remains active for one of my client website. --> 

we have explained but not able to make them understand, due to covid, demonstrating the 
keyboard usage.

Documentation on the new tool for best practises.

making sure the data is getting migrated into the S4 HANA DB, and helping with optimising
STAR techniques.



Customer from various colleges, where I had a kick off meeting with the customer to test
on te functionalities for WCAG guidelines.

We test the tools or services which should be highly usable and highly secure
and make sure they are compliant with the issue. customer urged me to complete the testing,
but here based on our testing results the university buys those services, I should be
very careful and responsible. I communicated with him and stated the major issues, 
and suggested him to follow those guide lines.

I have completed a course on radio activity and CAD Lab in mechanical for me to test
certain applications, as I dint heard from the client, I have taken up those courses
passed the quiz and tested the application with in the deadline.

I have suggested the idea on having KT sessions for every month to also have focus on the
development of my team, which was a hit.

When I have to work with customer to also test the desktop applications, not just the
web applications. I personally started working on how to test the destop applications
and came up with a documentation, which leveraged a lot of clients.

I was working with full capacity equal to 3 colleagues. Beacuse of Covid, the Fall students
are not available and there are many customers that I need to take care of.

------ STARLI Answer Model -------

eg: Tell me about a time where you went above and beyond for the quality of your
customer ?

SITUATION

Who your employer was and the nature of their business ?
Explain your role and what is your key purpose ?
Frame up your circumstances and create a foundation for the rest of TARLI.

---> Ans
So the situation was when I was working for UCIT, which provides IT services. Most of our
clients are universities and state projects.
One time I had a kick-off meeting with one of client where he...
STATE YOUR DEADLINE, 
STATE YOUR PROBLEM,


TASK 

Summarize what you need to do to reach your end goal ?
be clear what your goal outcome is ?
Note any nuances around how you get to that outcome ?

--> Ans
My task was to make sure, I have to provide quality and do it in deadline, and if I 
could make it more worthwile or an alternative.

ACTION -- MOST IMPORTANT 

Give more details.

What you did ?
what you thought ?
what you said ?
who you spoke to ?
what they said ?
how they felt ?

--> Ans 
The first thing i did was to ...
and I dont want to compromise on .....
and I did explain him to what was wrong ?
So I really wanted to impress him.
The client responded back ...
So I asked him what exactly we need to accomplish and when is the release date ?
This is what I tried.
I talked with my managers and other colleagues to be extra certain.

RESULT

we clarify whether we acheived our task or not. 
we have to illustrate with the metric.

eg: cost saving, revenue generation.
Quantity to show value, size and scale.
% change , implementation time, time savings,
Impact on the customer or team.
Quality improvements.

--> Ans 
The result was that the client was very happy and grateful.
because of this ... mention metrics and data points.  
From then we greet and have a little chat and it is really lovely.


IMPROVEMENT 

what you could have done better ?
What is the learning and did you apply it or not since then ?

If I reflect on it, I could have probably gone further. By the time I dint think,
so I did ... it seemed like the right thing to do for the client.


Based on the type of question, focus on the details to provide to the interviewer.
eg: customer obsession , focus more on the relation ship with them.
eg: deliver results talk more about the hurdles and obstacles.


------- Thinking Like an Amazon -------

top 5 :
1) Knowing your Data - speaking in data.
2) Failing Fast - test everything and say where you have applied them.
3) 2 Way door decisions - if we make this decision can we reverse it ?
4) The 5 why's - when something goes wrong or right ? which help to get deeper of the
                issue.
5) Automation -- how to automate themselves and having scalability.


Apply them in the STARI behavioral questions.

-------- Unpeeling the Onion - Follow Up Questions -------

way of getting deeeper and deeper to make sure the evidence of your answer.

TASK 

why was this important ?
what was the goal ?
what was the original scope of the project ?
what challenges did you anticipate ?
what were the risks if it din't happen ?
 
ACTION 

what did you personally own ? - what you learnt ?
who else was involved ?
biggest contribution to the project ?
biggest obstacle you faced ?
how did you decide what action to take first ?

RESULT 

were there any other benefits other than you have described ?
what trade off's did you make to get these results ?
was there any negative impacts on the customer ?
the scale of benefit is low/high compared to yur effort. what do you think ?

UPDATE the STARI or what answers would you give ?

ASK others to unpeel the onion further.

--- The questions to ask ---


Panel.

1) how do you personally support your team members development ?
2) do you expect the team to be growing further in the next 12 months ?
3) what is your favorite leadeship principle ? I am tolad that they have one or two.
4) what would you say your team's greatest strength ? or they do they work more 
   collaberatively ? or more independently ?
5) key attributes you are looking for this role ?
6) how is work prioritised in this role ?
7) what are the main challenges I would face in this role ?
8) what are the key tools I would work to do my job ?
9) what do you enjoy most about working at amazon ?
10) How has amazon changed since you started ?

The evidence that they have delivered in the past is the evidence they will do better
in the future.
Level of consistency of what you did ?


The hidden leadership prnciple ?
Vocally self critical. - to be more aware of your own development area and the team's.